README.md, before:

# hello-docker-freebsd: Example Docker setup for FreeBSD

# ABOUT

Minimal configuration for running FreeBSD Docker containers.

# EXAMPLE

```console
$ vagrant up
$ vagrant ssh -c "docker run auchida/freebsd echo 'Hello World!'"
Hello World!
```

By using a Vagrant box for a FreeBSD VM, users can enjoy manipulating FreeBSD containers from non-BSD hosts, such as Linux, macOS, Windows, etc.

Native FreeBSD hosts can install and configure Docker with `bootstrap.sh`, or by following the [Docker on FreeBSD](https://wiki.freebsd.org/Docker) wiki instructions.

# REQUIREMENTS

* [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com)
* A VM provider, such as [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org), [VMware](https://www.vmware.com), or [libvirt](https://libvirt.org)

# NOTES

Docker support with FreeBSD is nascent. Docker from FreeBSD hosts lacks support for alt-libc containers, so FreeBSD and Debian containers may work from FreeBSD hosts, but not containers for library/busybox:uclibc nor library/alpine (musl).

Docker relies on the Linux kernel to do its magic, so while Docker is able to manipulate non-Linux containers, these must be run from a compatible Docker host. In other words, FreeBSD containers must be run from FreeBSD hosts. Fortunately, Vagrant can help automate the setup of a FreeBSD VM for non-BSD machines, so that you end up being able to run FreeBSD containers, on top of FreeBSD, on top of Vagrant, on top of Linux/macOS/Windows/etc.

Vagrant is a powerful tool for managing virtual machines, but it has fallen out of favor with the recent uprising of Docker + Linux deployments. So hello-docker-freebsd provides an example of a fully configured Vagrant box with FreeBSD guest + Docker automatically installed.

Unfortunately, HashiCorp's Vagrant Cloud authentication system is borked, so I can't publish this box at the moment. However, you can clone this repository and `vagrant up` in the meantime.

Commit message:

readme: clarify requirements for native FreeBSD hosts

README.md, after:

# hello-docker-freebsd: Example Docker setup for FreeBSD

# ABOUT

Minimal configuration for running FreeBSD Docker containers.

# EXAMPLE

```console
$ vagrant up
$ vagrant ssh -c "docker run auchida/freebsd echo 'Hello World!'"
Hello World!
```

By using a Vagrant box for a FreeBSD VM, users can enjoy manipulating FreeBSD containers from non-BSD hosts, such as Linux, macOS, Windows, etc.

# REQUIREMENTS

* [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com)
* A VM provider, such as [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org), [VMware](https://www.vmware.com), or [libvirt](https://libvirt.org)

If the host is already a native FreeBSD instance, then `bootstrap.sh` or following the [Docker on FreeBSD](https://wiki.freebsd.org/Docker) wiki instructions are sufficient for running FreeBSD containers, no Vagrant or VM providers are necessary.

# NOTES

Docker support with FreeBSD is nascent. Docker from FreeBSD hosts lacks support for alt-libc containers, so FreeBSD and Debian containers may work from FreeBSD hosts, but not containers for library/busybox:uclibc nor library/alpine (musl).

Docker relies on the Linux kernel to do its magic, so while Docker is able to manipulate non-Linux containers, these must be run from a compatible Docker host. In other words, FreeBSD containers must be run from FreeBSD hosts. Fortunately, Vagrant can help automate the setup of a FreeBSD VM for non-BSD machines, so that you end up being able to run FreeBSD containers, on top of FreeBSD, on top of Vagrant, on top of Linux/macOS/Windows/etc.

Vagrant is a powerful tool for managing virtual machines, but it has fallen out of favor with the recent uprising of Docker + Linux deployments. So hello-docker-freebsd provides an example of a fully configured Vagrant box with FreeBSD guest + Docker automatically installed.

Unfortunately, HashiCorp's Vagrant Cloud authentication system is borked, so I can't publish this box at the moment. However, you can clone this repository and `vagrant up` in the meantime.
